do you want to learn how to draw the
beatles in their cartoon form well here
I'll show you how let me get a clean
sheet of paper in the making stuff oh
let's say wing go first because he's the
funny one so what you do you make that
line and then for his ear draw a small
line okay aren't so look like that and
then we do the chin and go up there all
the other ear all right go up and do
that and we draw the for it all right
let's start on the eyes and then we do
the big nose and then mouth then I my
pimp is running out to suck a look super
good and then there's that and then
let's get to the hair
alright that should be good and then
just shade it in all right hey welcome
to let's draw the Beatles last time we
learn how to draw a Ringo here and so
now I'm going to teach you how to draw
on my other favorites George alright so
we draw the first line and then you
don't a cheat and then we bring it down
a little bit then bring it back up on
the other side and then you draw a
little ear then draw like a sideburn and
then for the bangs all right now let's
do the eyebrows and we do the nose and
the smile and the eyes all right now
let's do the hair the hair is pretty
easy so if you if you already seen how
to draw Ringo then pretty much you just
see the same here for that alright well
hope you enjoyed it today I'll see you
next time on draw the Beatles they're
perfect you just use a little bit of
shading and that's all there is to it
see you next time bye hey welcome back
to marsh cat ones learn how to draw the
Beatles we're going to learn how to drop
all today all right okay let's get our
nice and clean paper and then I don't
know why but I always like to start on
the sides and they go down to his chin
those cheek and you go up all right now
coming to the bangs Oh kind of curly
bang all right that should be good and
then we can go here and be ears and over
here we do the ears well so that's it
that's so far all right now it's the
mouth and then the teeth you shaded in
you must be very excited about something
right now for the nose and the eyes
he'll everybody always knows it has
droopy eyelids course so there's wrong
all right for the next one all right and
for the hair welcome back to our fourth
and final episode of learn how to draw
the Beatles we're going to draw John
today all right i'll keep Dukey last
time you learned how to draw up all hope
you enjoyed that now draw the side Hank
is here okay take a little darker and
then now for the chin
alright went to make gears a little more
round than mine and I step on that but
oh well let me perfect all right now
forehead okay oh yeah the nose and the
eyes of course all right for the mouth
and you probably know how to do the hair
but I'll now try to work on a little bit
too
all right there you go
you